Update Diagram and FileManager API descriptions (#5214)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/50 Common/Object Structures/UploadInfo/customData.md

---
---
##### shortDescription

> Custom information that you can pass during the file upload. For instance, you can specify a custom file id when the first chunk of a specific file is being uploaded.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Custom information that you can pass during file upload. For instance, you can specify a custom file ID when the first part of a file is being uploaded.
```
